https://trickfilm.github.io/art/if-then-else-final-comp/
https://trickfilm.github.io/art/scene-of-the-crime-who-do-you-think-you-are/
https://trickfilm.github.io/art/understory/


3 Dogs (If Then Else)
2024
digital print with acrylic on wood
each panel approx 7" x 7"

I've been fascinated by anamorphic constructions since childhood. I created the illustrations with paper, ink, and Photoshop, and laminated them to ready-made hexagonal painting panels. The custom-built beveled enclosures and the orthographic perspective in the images create the illusion of floating 3D cubes. 

I also love integrating text into images. Words and letterforms are compelling to me because they're both abstract and representational at once. My parents worked in publishing, and yes, I'm a bit of a font geek.

The bathtub image came to me first and it led to the other two. I tried to think of as many examples of "things being split 3 ways" as I could. Is it the same dog in all three pictures? Maybe, maybe not.

You can assemble these three little scenes into any number of narratives; pick one that floats your boat.




Scene Of The Crime (Who Do You Think You Are?)
2025
ink & watercolor on paper
16" x 24"

This really happened: bitter and sweet childhood memories superimposed. In the summer of 1971, a 45 of “Mr. Big Stuff” played on a neighbor’s portable record player at a picnic in the park. The skeleton getting kicked in the face is me, a few years later, during a fool’s mission to deliver block-association leaflets to the neighbors. “Who do you think you are” is a question I remember being asked more than once; perhaps that’s why the song made such an impression. 

I've been making an ongoing effort to use more secondary colors in my palette. This was an early step in that process. I'm also drawn to ambiguous colors like in the elevated tracks. Is that green or orange? Yes!

Understory
2025
wood, cardboard, paper, 3D printed plastic, shredded comics, ink & acrylic
5" x 16"

I went through a huge Jess Collins phase in my 20's, and I might still be in it. Other contributions to this piece: Joseph Cornell, Richard Scarry (cutaway views of city streets), and Logan's Run (character popping out of a manhole into the world above). 

I was thinking about how comics undergirded my perception of the world as a child, and wondering if old comics decompose back into dots and lines and patches of color when they biodegrade. Thus the kneeslapper title. But I didn’t think of the obvious joke – “underground comics” – until after the piece was done.